# Changesets

Hello and welcome! This folder has been automatically generated by `@changesets/cli`, a build tool that works with `bolt` to help you release components from a mono-repository. You can find the full documentation for it [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@changesets/cli)

To help you get started though, here are some things you should know about this folder:

## Changesets are automatically generated

Changesets are generated by the `yarn changeset` or `npx changeset` command. As long as you are following a changeset release flow, you shouldn't have any problems.

## Each changeset is its own folder

We use hashes by default for these folder names to avoid collisions when generating them, but there's no harm that will come from renaming them.

## Changesets are automatically removed

When `changeset bump` or equivalent command is run, all the changeset folders are removed. This is so we only ever use a changeset once. This makes this a very bad place to store any other information.

## Changesets come in two parts

You should treat these parts quite differently:

- `changes.md` is a file you should feel free to edit as much as you want. It will be prepended to your changelog when you next run your version command.
- `changes.json` is a file that includes information about releases, what should be versioned by the version command. We strongly recommend against editing this directly, as you may make a new changeset that puts your bolt repository into an invalid state.

## I want to edit the information in a `changes.json` - how do I do it safely?

The best option is to make a new changeset using the changeset command, copy over the `changes.md`, then delete the old changeset.

## Can I rename the folder for my changeset?

Absolutely! We need unique hashes to make changesets play nicely with git, but changing your folder from our hash to your own name isn't going to cause any problems.

## Can I manually delete changesets?

You can, but you should be aware this will remove the intent to release communicated by the changeset, and should be done with caution.
